docs/resources/device.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "hwmux_device Resource - hwmux"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Device resource.
---

# hwmux_device (Resource)

Device resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Manage example device.
resource "hwmux_device" "example" {
  sn_or_name        = "new device"
  uri               = "99.9.9.1"
  part              = "Part_no_0"
  room              = "Room_0"
  is_wstk           = false
  online            = true
  permission_groups = ["Example group name"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `part` (String) The part number of the device.
- `permission_groups` (Set of String) Which permission groups can access the resource.
- `room` (String) The room where the device is.

### Optional

- `is_wstk` (Boolean) If the device is a WSTK.
- `location_metadata` (String) The location metadata of the device.
- `metadata` (String) The metadata of the device.
- `online` (Boolean) If the device is online.
- `sn_or_name` (String) Device name.
- `uri` (String) The URI or IP address of the device.
- `wstk_part` (String) The part number of the WSTK the device is on.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Device identifier.
- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of the resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# A device can be imported by specifying its ID
terraform import hwmux_device.example 123
```

Commit message:

Regeneration docs for source changes

docs/resources/device.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "hwmux_device Resource - hwmux"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Device resource.
---

# hwmux_device (Resource)

Device resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Manage example device.
resource "hwmux_device" "example" {
  sn_or_name        = "new device"
  uri               = "99.9.9.1"
  part              = "Part_no_0"
  room              = "Room_0"
  is_wstk           = false
  online            = true
  permission_groups = ["Example group name"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `part` (String) The part number of the device.
- `permission_groups` (Set of String) Which permission groups can access the resource.
- `room` (String) The room where the device is.

### Optional

- `is_wstk` (Boolean) If the device is a WSTK.
- `location_metadata` (String) The location metadata of the device.
- `metadata` (String) The metadata of the device.
- `online` (Boolean) If the device is online.
- `sn_or_name` (String) Device name.
- `uri` (String) The URI or IP address of the device.
- `wstk_part` (String) The part number of the WSTK the device is on.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Device identifier.
- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of the resource.
- `source` (String) The source where the device was created.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# A device can be imported by specifying its ID
terraform import hwmux_device.example 123
```
