docs/resources/label.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "hwmux_label Resource - hwmux"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Label resource
---

# hwmux_label (Resource)

Label resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "hwmux_label" "new_label" {
  name              = "name_no_spaces"
  metadata          = jsonencode(yamldecode(file("example.yaml")))
  device_groups     = [1, 2]
  permission_groups = ["Example group name"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `device_groups` (Set of Number) The IDs of the deviceGroups that belong to the label.
- `name` (String) Label name.
- `permission_groups` (Set of String) Which permission groups can access the resource.

### Optional

- `metadata` (String) Label metadata.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Label identifier.
- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of the resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# A label can be imported by specifying its ID
terraform import hwmux_label.example 123
```

Commit message:

Regeneration docs for source changes

docs/resources/label.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "hwmux_label Resource - hwmux"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Label resource
---

# hwmux_label (Resource)

Label resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "hwmux_label" "new_label" {
  name              = "name_no_spaces"
  metadata          = jsonencode(yamldecode(file("example.yaml")))
  device_groups     = [1, 2]
  permission_groups = ["Example group name"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `device_groups` (Set of Number) The IDs of the deviceGroups that belong to the label.
- `name` (String) Label name.
- `permission_groups` (Set of String) Which permission groups can access the resource.

### Optional

- `metadata` (String) Label metadata.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Label identifier.
- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of the resource.
- `source` (String) The source where the label was created.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# A label can be imported by specifying its ID
terraform import hwmux_label.example 123
```
